c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.exe.config
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.csproj.App.config
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.exe
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.pdb
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Samples.Helper.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2.pdb
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.pdb
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.exe
c:\users\goti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.exe.config
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.exe
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.exe
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Samples.Helper.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.pdb
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\JuanAlejandro\Documents\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.exe.config
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.exe
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.exe
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Samples.Helper.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.pdb
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.csproj.App.config
D:\Kinetica\YouTubeAPIv3Test\YouTubeAPIv3Test\obj\Debug\YouTubeAPIv3Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
